two small bug fixes [BA-5815] (#663)
DataBiosphere/job-manager: CHANGELOG.md

# Job Manager Change Log

## v1.3.1 Release Notes

### Fixed a bug where clicking on operation details icon will show attempt data.

> ### Fixed a bug in the handling of scattered task shards with no start date.

Reviewer: I think it could be valuable to describe exactly what happens when the bug triggers so that affected users can see the notes and say, "YES!! they fixed MY bug."

```suggestion
### Fixed a bug that caused Job Manager to XXXX when it attempted to process a scattered task shard with no start time.
```

Author: Changed – is this better?

Reviewer: Yep
